README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
Use the API from this website: 
<a href="https://animechan.vercel.app/">https://animechan.vercel.app/</a> 
</h1>


<h4 align="center">Fork and clone this repository, open your terminal in the directory then type:</h4>

```javascript
npm install
```

<p align="center">This will install the axios dependency for you.</p>
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________

Look at the solution.js file. Write a request to the given API and return an object with the anime key and the name of the anime, and the name of the person who said the quote as a key and the quote as that key's value.

_Hint_: Make sure to read everything.


Console log the result, it should look something like this:

```javascript 
{anime: 'Naruto', 'Rock Lee': 'If you believe in your dreams, I will prove to you, that you can achieve your dreams just by working hard.'}
```
________________________________________
There is a solution to this problem in the "solutions" folder, give yourself 20-30 minutes to solve this and if you are still having trouble take a look at the solution.

<br>

When you are done, you can run the index.html in a Live Server and click the button to retrieve your quote!
________________________________________
<p align="center">Good Luck!</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://placebear.com/202/203" />
</p>

Commit message:

corrected dependencies, corrected index.js require, adjusted README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
Use the API from this website: 
<a href="https://animechan.vercel.app/">https://animechan.vercel.app/</a> 
</h1>


<h4 align="center">Fork and clone this repository, open your terminal in the directory then type:</h4>

```javascript
npm install
```

<p align="center">This will install the axios and Browserify dependencies for you.</p>
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________

Look at the solution.js file. Complete the function. Write a request to the given API and return an object with the anime key and the name of the animeas it's value, and the name of the person who said the quote as a key and the quote as that key's value.

_Hint_: Make sure to read everything.


Console log the result, it should look something like this:

```javascript 
{anime: 'Naruto', 'Rock Lee': 'If you believe in your dreams, I will prove to you, that you can achieve your dreams just by working hard.'}
```
________________________________________
There is a solution to this problem in the "solutions" folder, give yourself 20-30 minutes to solve this and if you are still having trouble take a look at the solution.

<br>

When you are done, you can right click index.html and open in a Live Server, just click the button and retrieve your quote!
________________________________________
<p align="center">Good Luck!</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://placebear.com/202/203" />
</p>
